you know, before you move to the new location or your new duty station.
A few things that I like to do is look at the commands website and
and see theon, Bussmann or the individual that's helping with the families.
And there are a lot of information where they have of base
housing. Maybe you wanna live out in town, there should be links, um,
to some approved locations out of town. They'll even talk about the
local school systems. There is, ah, lays on for the military to the
local school systems. So that's an individual that we like to contact
early. We like to talk and look at local churches and maybe places
of worship that we want to. Dio and my Children were very involved
in sports, so I try to find places and locations of different sports
leagues that they might be interested in, and it really start to
see what it would be like if we lived in that area.